Update user-submission.md (#6414)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/user-submission.md

     - **User reporting experience section**
       - **Before reporting** tab: In the **Title** and **Message body** boxes, enter the descriptive text that users see before they report a message using the Report Message add-in or the Report Phishing add-in. You can use the variable %type% to include the submission type (junk, not junk, phish, etc.).
       - **After reporting** tab: In the **Title** and **Confirmation message** boxes, enter the descriptive text that users see after they report a message using the Report Message add-in or the Report Phishing add-in. You can use the variable %type% to include the submission type.

>        -  **Only display when user reports phishing** : Check this option if you want to display the message only when an email is reporeted as phish, if not checked messages will be shown for any kind of reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       -  **Only display when user reports phishing**: Check this option if you want to display the message only when an email is reported as phish. If not, checked messages will be shown for any kind of report.
```

   - **Microsoft Outlook Report Message button** \> **Off** ![Toggle off.](../../media/scc-toggle-off.png): Select this option if you use third-party reporting tools instead of the Report Message add-in, the Report Phishing add-in, or the built-in reporting in Outlook on the web, and then configure the following settings:
     - Select **Use this custom mailbox to receive user reported submissions**. In the box that appears, enter the email address of an existing Exchange Online mailbox that can receive email.

> - **Microsoft Outlook Report Message button** 
> 
> Enable this feature if you want to let end users report a message from the user quarantine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Microsoft Outlook Report Message button**: Enable this feature if you want to let end users report a message from the user quarantine.
```
